YouTube was good it's your boy pick up
Jordan beasts coming at you with another
detail video this is a pair of Louboutin
these are the Kanye's um this is when he
back in Oh maybe like Oh 807 while ago
where he had before the easiest came on
when he was doing his shoes with
Louboutin um these are from pickup
Jordan but I got these you probably
won't even find he's gonna pick up
Jordan on one these might be throwback
you ain't gonna find these this is back
from trade five five five eighty just
like a couple other pairs I had just
been sitting on a level where um as you
are grown to learn about me I don't
really wear my kicks like that I just
collect them have them on reserve for
that rainy day when I just want to be
flying fresh and I unleash them um these
are for sale they are the red exclusives
um size 11
um unfortunately I don't know too much
of how the Authentics look I know
overall this is how they look like if
you see my picture on foot I wasn't able
to get any detailed you know like
comparisons and I didn't own a pair so
you know I'm not gonna give y'all false
information so pretty much what you see
is what it is um I can't tell you this
you know feels good that love it doesn't
feel cheap it's a suede right here to
suede feel good tell me let you leave it
on right there in the middle so you have
your tongue out spot normal you do have
your tassel laces which is unique to the
Kanye shoe and on that actually says
Kanye West please focus on me come on
there you go oh I just had your bitch
legal
that is supposed to say go Kanye West
there you go thank you and on the other
side is to leave it on
so that's on all the tassels you got
your Louboutin it's pretty official and
Kanye West and it's gold same thing for
this one so that's official and then
same thing for the other pair Kanye West
space oh this is a leather when you got
your suede right here you know it
doesn't feel bad it feels pretty good
got your suede yeah I got your leather
this is the Louboutin symbol on the side
so you know they catch you from the side
view I believe it's on somebody I do
know this is supposed to be like that
that is accurate just from the few
pictures I did research that's the suede
it was good other side same thing suede
here you got your bottom leave it on
there so I don't want to say how similar
they are to Authentics as far as a ratio
or percentage but I can tell you they
look good this is a very very rare shoe
so I think it'll be rather hard to get
cold out on one you know this ain't no
shoe that you won't see people wearing
like that or wearing it all honestly
should I ain't see any my wareness in
person yet ever so that just tells you
you know this I mean you you ask
yourself have you seen anybody with
these the red
louboutin Connie was chances are on TV
of some rapper your favorite rapper me
of warm or your favorite actor but none
of your people do it on the block got
these nobody in the hood got these so
you know here's someone I guess on a
fresh kind of stunning them stand out
with the red you know when your writers
kind of color color then going off for
shoes now you definitely gonna starting
up with the tassel and a little gold
thing you know you leave its own logo
these are dead stock never worn
brand-new just a second one so you can
have a come up here make me an offer
everything is done to a paper 100% legit
no funny business you know no games
ain't trying to take nobody money
everybody been scammed before I'm grown
I got time for that
you know I mean everything's done to the
paper everything legit once money class
she was be I mean I will have
previous buyers leave feedback so that
everyone knows all good I already have a
pair of soul on my area 70 tool Kobe's
those have been sold as of today so once
buyer receives those I will have them on
leave a comment on that page and I'm
just let y'all know that everything is
good to go um so yeah one more time
leave it on Kanye's um and the red feels
good looks good
fresh pair I like me see boy pick up
Jordan beasts make me an offer they are
for sale i lo one